Update the documentation (#1443)
SEKOIA-IO/documentation: docs/xdr/features/collect/integrations/email/vade_cloud.md

1. Go to the [playbooks page](https://app.sekoia.io/operations/playbooks) and create a new playbook with the `Fetch new logs from Vade Cloud` trigger

> 2. Set up the module configuration with the Vade Cloud API hostname, the username and the user password. Set up the trigger configuration with the intake key

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Set up the module configuration with the Vade Cloud API hostname, the email of the user and the user password. Set up the trigger configuration with the intake key
```
